hi i'm vanessa with music exclusives and
I'm here with international star Mike
lyric not star it's just me you're so
humble so what when was your last tour
where are you coming from
right now I'm coming from the studio in
Brooklyn New York but uh last I was out
in Bahrain lovely marine had a great
time out there for a ten week tour so
what designers are you excited to see
for Fashion Week and is this your first
fashion show definitely not my first one
I actually performed at Brooklyn Fashion
Weekend a year ago or two but this year
I'm excited to see everybody actually I
want to see everybody so what is your
favorite song right now my favorite song
we found love by Rihanna of course yeah
do you have any new projects coming up I
definitely do but I'm kind of keeping
them on the hush right now secret yeah
big secrets but you'll definitely hear
about it if you follow me on Twitter
my kely Rik one word I'm here with Coco
and breezy what designers are you guys
excited to see tonight well I'm excited
to see all the designers I want to say
anybody's names I just want to see
everyone because you know it's a new
season I'm excited to see what what
trend is in me turning today and see
what designs gonna bring what today I'm
excited to see everybody I was very
excited to see you guys in Beyonce's
party video was that puppet or what oh
my gosh that was like a super amazing
experience um it was great working with
her but yeah it was awesome
I'm here with s Navi a recording artist
can you tell us a little bit about
yourself yes my found soulful all about
the soul
so what particular design are you
looking forward to c4 faint rocks today
all of them I can't be like that I can't
be exclusive I mean all of them were
part of the project one way project and
I admire like aloud their style so I'm
looking forward to seeing everybody so
can you tell us a little about your
outfit designed by a fashion designer
Michael Jerome Francis and my shoes
custom-designed by Lauren Luna and I
heard earlier that you were describing
your haircut being you're channeling
with me it's Chen Lee Whitney Queen of
the Damned that's the look for tonight
that's inspired my haircut so so what
projects can we look forward from you a
new single is coming out on February
28th morning - from my debut album Exedy
so check that out at www.bsmsphd.com